[10714] Fast DDS Statistics Module DataWriters auto enabling (#247)
eProsima/Fast-DDS-docs: docs/fastdds/env_vars/env_vars.rst

    The *server*'s GUID prefixes generated by the CLI comply with the following schema:
    ``44.53.<server-id-in-hex>.5f.45.50.52.4f.53.49.4d.41``.
    This prefix schema has been chosen for its ASCII translation: ``DS<id_in_hex>_EPROSIMA``.

.. _env_vars_fastdds_statistics:

``FASTDDS_STATISTICS``
----------------------

.. warning::
    The environment variable is only used in the case where the CMake option `FASTDDS_STATISTICS` has been enabled.
    In any other case, the environment variable has no effect.
    Please, refer to :ref:`cmake_options` for more information.

Setting this variable configures the :ref:`DomainParticipant<dds_layer_domainParticipant>` to enable the statistics
DataWriters which topics are contained in the list set in this environment variable.
The elements of the list should be separated by semicolons and match the
:ref:`statistics topic name aliases<statistics_topic_names>`.

> For example, to enable the statistics DataWriters that measures the latency, the environment variable should be set as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, to enable the statistics DataWriters that report latency measurements, the environment variable should be set as
```
